No pulse
You have no heartbeat
He came back! He died!
Team Leader Ye
What Linglang did for the ten ancient tribes
Our ten ancient tribes will remember it in our hearts
Oops, I didn't expect such a stubbornness
And so brave
It really made me take a high look.
Anyway.
Oh, what courage.
Hahaha, the courage is commendable.
Ouch, that's ridiculous
Did I tell my son he won't die?
You don't think I'm doing this night for the country
aggressive
Sacrifice my son in vain
Hey hey oh
This day I understand
Leader Ye's loss of a child was difficult to accept for a while
True normal fart
Normal shit
My son woke up in one bite.
You look alive
He's dead.
The three souls and seven souls have all gone out of service
Even if Daluo Jinxian comes
It's impossible to call him parents
That's not possible, is it?
how
How to Play Enough and Eat Enough
Why haven't you possessed it yet?
Moyu
Why haven't you eaten yet?
Hum what ink jade hum
This is Mo Yu
It's priceless.
It can regenerate people